add code ape in res.partner.industry (#217)
OCA/l10n-france: l10n_fr_ape/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

Add French activity naf/ape information in res.partner.industry.

> So you can add this information to your partner form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So you can add this information to your partners.
```
